# Book Template 

Hi all! 

This is my course template to create learning material in a uniform way. 

This template uses [mdBook](https://github.com/rust-lang/mdBook), that is a wonderful tool built by the Rust community, free to use a with a lot of great features.

Please feel free to use or modify this template! Happy teaching!

## How to use
### Prerequisite
You have to have installed the following tools on your computer:
- [mdBook](https://github.com/rust-lang/mdBook)
- [node](https://nodejs.org/it/download/)

### Getting started
- Fork this repository or select "Use as template" if you prefer.
- Clone your new repository
- In the "Settings" tab of GitHub, under the "GitHub Pages" section, select as source `master branch /docs folder`
- You can verify that the template is online waiting some seconds and clicking on the link that shortly appears on GitHub
- Edit your book according to the official [User Guide](https://rust-lang.github.io/mdBook/)

### Publish course changes
When you want to publish your changes, open a terminal on the root of the repository and write:
```sh
./book.js
git add .
git commit -m"your commit message"
git push
```

OK, now wait some seconds and your course will be updated on GitHub Pages!

### Add flavors to your books
You can also create different flavors of your book, for example for different classes or to create a short manual.

Just do the following:
- create a `book-<flavour>.toml` file and edit it as you want
- create a `src/SUMMARY-<flavour>.md` file and edit it as you want
- launch the build script as `book.js <flavour>`

Now you can decide to publish on the web the new generated book, or distribute the autogenerated book.zip file, or manually generate the pdf from the web page (using the print button on the top).



